Security docs (#1298)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-a-temporal-cluster.md

Temporal has built-in [Visibility](/concepts/what-is-visibility) features.
To enhance this feature, Temporal supports an [integration with Elasticsearch](/clusters/how-to-integrate-elasticsearch-into-a-temporal-cluster).

- Elasticsearch v7.10 is supported from Temporal version 1.7.0 onwards
- Elasticsearch v6.8 is supported in all Temporal versions
- Both versions are explicitly supported with AWS Elasticsearch

### mTLS Encryption

Temporal supports Mutual Transport Layer Security (mTLS) as a method of encrypting network traffic between services within a Temporal Cluster, or between application processes and a Cluster.

Mutual TLS can be enabled in Temporal’s [TLS configuration](/references/configuration#tls). This configuration can be passed along through WithConfig or WithConfigLoader.

This configuration includes two sections that serve to separate intra-cluster and external traffic. That way, different certificates and settings can be used to encrypt each section of traffic:

- `internode`: configuration for encrypting communication between nodes within the Cluster.
- `frontend`: configuration for encrypting the Frontend's public endpoints

### Temporal Client connections

> A client's network access can be limited by using certificates issued by a specific Certificate Authority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A client's network access can be limited by using certificates issued by a specific Certificate Authority (CA).
```
To set up use of the abbreviation later in this topic.

To restrict access to Temporal Cluster endpoints, use the `clientCAFiles`/ `clientCAData` and `requireClientAuth` properties.

These can be found in both the `internode` and `frontend` sections of the [mTLS configuration](/references/configuration#tls).

#### Server name specification

Specify the `serverName` in the `client` section of your mTLS configuration to prevent spoofing and [MITM attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man-in-the-middle_attack).

Entering a value for `serverName` enables established connections to authenticate the endpoint. This ensures that the server certificate presented to any connected client has the given server name in its CN property.

This measure can be taken for `internode` and `frontend` endpoints.

For more information on mTLS configuration, refer to our [TLS configuration guide](/references/configuration#tls).

### Auth

> **Authentication** is the process of verifying users that wish to access your application are actually the users you want accessing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Authentication** is the process of verifying users who want to access your application are actually the users you want accessing it.
```
See "wish" in https://developers.google.com/style/word-list?hl=en#letter-w.

**Authorization** is the verification of applications and data that a user on your Cluster or application has access to.

> Temporal has several authentication protocols that can be set to restrict access to your data. These protocols address three different areas: servers, client connections, and users.
> 
> Server attacks can be prevented by specifying the `serverName` in the `client` section of your mTLS configuration. This can be done for both `frontend` and `internode` endpoints.
> 
> Client connections can be restricted to certain endpoints by requiring certificates from a specific Certificate Authority (CA). Modify the `clientCaFiles`/ `clientCaData` and `requireClientAuth` properties in the `internode` and `frontend` sections of the mTLS configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporal has several authentication protocols that can be set to restrict access to your data.
These protocols address three areas: servers, client connections, and users.

Server attacks can be prevented by specifying `serverName` in the `client` section of your mTLS configuration.
This can be done for both `frontend` and `internode` endpoints.

Client connections can be restricted to certain endpoints by requiring certificates from a specific CA.
Modify the `clientCaFiles`,  `clientCaData`, and `requireClientAuth` properties in the `internode` and `frontend` sections of the mTLS configuration.
```

> User access can be restricted through extensibility points and plugins. When implemented, the `frontend` invokes the plugin before executing the requested operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User access can be restricted through extensibility points and plugins.
When implemented, the `frontend` invokes the plugin before executing the requested operation.
```

Temporal offers two plugin interfaces for API call authentication and authorization.

- [`ClaimMapper`](/concepts/what-is-a-claimmapper-plugin)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [`Authorizer`](/concepts/what-is-an-authorizer-plugin)

> The logic of both plugins can be customized to fit a variety of use cases. When provided, the front-end will invoke the implementation of the plugins before running the requested operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logic of both plugins can be customized to fit a variety of use cases.
When provided, the frontend invokes the implementation of the plugins before running the requested operation.
```

- Elasticsearch v7.10 is supported from Temporal version 1.7.0 onwards
- Elasticsearch v6.8 is supported in all Temporal versions
- Both versions are explicitly supported with AWS Elasticsearch

### mTLS Encryption

Temporal supports Mutual Transport Layer Security (mTLS) as a method of encrypting network traffic between services within a Temporal Cluster, or between application processes and a Cluster.

> Mutual TLS can be enabled in Temporal’s [TLS configuration](/references/configuration#tls). This configuration can be passed along through WithConfig or WithConfigLoader.

Reviewer 2: Can this also be updated with Dynamic Config ?

Author: Unsure of this

This configuration includes two sections that serve to separate intra-cluster and external traffic. That way, different certificates and settings can be used to encrypt each section of traffic:

- `internode`: configuration for encrypting communication between nodes within the Cluster.
- `frontend`: configuration for encrypting the Frontend's public endpoints

> ### Client connections

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Temporal Client connections
```

> A client's network access can be limited to clients with certificates issued by a specific Certificate Authority.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A client's network access can be limited by using certificates issued by a specific Certificate Authority.
```

> To restrict access to cluster endpoints, use the `clientCAFiles`/ `clientCAData` and `requireClientAuth` properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To restrict access to Temporal Cluster endpoints, use the `clientCAFiles`/ `clientCAData` and `requireClientAuth` properties.
```
